password will no longer be included in logs (#9980)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`-` Passwords will no longer appear in application logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` rotki password will no longer appear in the debug logs
```
